Remember The Milk: migrate actions to dedicated pages (#46590)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_actions/remember_the_milk.complete_task.markdown

---
title: "Complete task"
action: remember_the_milk.my_rtm_username_complete_task
domain: remember_the_milk
description: "Completes a Remember The Milk task that was created from Home Assistant."
related_actions:
  - remember_the_milk.my_rtm_username_create_task
---

Use this action to complete a Remember The Milk task that was created from Home Assistant.

{% include actions/ui_header.md %}

To complete a Remember The Milk task from an automation or a script:

1. Go to {% my automations title="**Settings** > **Automations & scenes**" %}.
2. Open an existing automation or script, or select **Create automation** > **Create new automation**.
3. If you're setting up a new automation, add a trigger in the **When** section. Scripts don't need a trigger. They run when something else calls them.
4. In the **Then do** section, select **Add action**.
5. Search for and select **Remember The Milk: `<your_rtm_username>_complete_task`**.
6. In the top right, select **Menu** ({% icon "mdi:dots-vertical" %}) > **Edit in YAML**.

> 7. Enter this action's YAML, following [Using this action in YAML](/integrations/remember_the_milk/#using-this-action-in-yaml).

Reviewer: Fix link:
```suggestion
7. Enter this action's YAML, following [Using this action in YAML](/actions/remember_the_milk.complete_task/#using-this-action-in-yaml).
```

---
title: "Complete task"
action: remember_the_milk.myaccount_complete_task
domain: remember_the_milk
description: "Completes a Remember The Milk task that was created from Home Assistant."
related_actions:
  - remember_the_milk.myaccount_create_task
---

Use this action to complete a Remember The Milk task that was created from Home Assistant.

{% include actions/ui_header.md %}

To complete a Remember The Milk task from an automation or a script:

1. Go to {% my automations title="**Settings** > **Automations & scenes**" %}.
2. Open an existing automation or script, or select **Create automation** > **Create new automation**.
3. If you're setting up a new automation, add a trigger in the **When** section. Scripts don't need a trigger. They run when something else calls them.
4. In the **Then do** section, select **Add action**.

> 5. Select **Remember The Milk: Complete task**.

Reviewer: I see it as **Remember The Milk: myaccount_complete_task**.

6. Enter the ID of the task to complete.
7. Select **Save**.

### Options in the UI

{% options_ui %}
ID:
  description: The identifier of the task to complete.

> {% endoptions_ui %}

Reviewer: I'm afraid there are no UI options before editing in YAML: 

<img width="657" height="798" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/294d02b3-2e9d-4e05-a15e-6c2a79c30148" />
